So I’m sitting in physics class,
and all of a sudden,
the subject of evolution comes up.
When my teacher asked me, “Why?”
—to give the reason why I don’t believe
in evolution—
I remember all I could say was: “It’s just
because I’m one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
And that’s my belief.”
Many students actually believe
—like, they seem so sure—
that evolution is a fact.
I could feel my hands, like my palms,
getting sweaty
and was just nervous.
I felt intimidated.
I just sat there.
I felt paralyzed,
and I couldn’t defend the truth.
Why can’t I explain this?
I could explain so easily
why I don’t salute the flag
and why I don’t celebrate birthdays.
I didn’t understand
why I couldn’t explain this specific topic.
I had doubts.
And I was asking myself questions like:
‘Does God really exist?
Is the Bible accurate?’
So that day, after I came home from school,
I went to my mom and I told her,
“This is what happened at school, and I need—
I need answers.”
I felt like I didn’t know what to do,
especially since my parents
were not serving Jehovah.
So I had to pray to Jehovah to help me.
So she sat me down at the computer.
We went to jw.org,
and then in the search box,
my mom told me to type in anything
that was the problem
—what I had questions on.
So we typed in “evolution.”
That’s when I clicked
on The Origin of Life  brochure.
It just started, like, coming in.
Everything started clicking as if, like,
you know, there’s a light bulb that went off.
So in one of the videos in the “Viewpoints
on the Origin of Life” section,
it talked about the brain
and how the brain is so complex
that billions and billions
of neurons are connected to one another.
It amazed me so much
that because of the brain,
we can move our hands,
we can move our feet,
we can do facial expressions.
We can do so many things
because of this great part of the body
—the brain.
It had, you know, the exact questions
that I was having trouble understanding.
And for each question, I was like,
‘Oh, I remember reading this
in one of the Watchtowers
or one of the books I was studying.’
But it broke it down into ways
and into words that were simple for me
to understand at that point.
So it was almost—
It felt like
Jehovah was talking to me
through this brochure.
And it just felt—
I was like, ‘This is what I need to read.’
And that’s what helped me get through it.
So I thought to myself:
‘This couldn’t have been
‘made just by chance.
‘It couldn’t just exist by an accident.
‘It had to be created.
It had to be designed.’
So I was able to go back.
I went to my science class,
and I told my teacher,
“I’m ready to explain why.”
So here we go again.
It’s physics class.
It’s the same topic all over again.
But this time it was different.
I was able to defend my faith in Jehovah.
I realized that, you know,
Jehovah always provides the answers
to any topic—anything.
I just have to be willing to go and find it.
Whenever I have questions about anything,
I look for the answers.
But first, I pray to Jehovah.
And Jehovah has made it so easy for us
to find the truth.
And I’m totally convinced
that whatever he says in the Bible,
we can completely trust in it.